---
layout: page-fullwidth
title: "[230704] New publication in Transportation Research Part E"
meta_title: ""
subheadline: ""
teaser: 'My new paper titled "Optimal planning of parking infrastructure and fleet size for Shared Autonomous Vehicles" has been published in Transportation Research Part E: Logistics and Transportation Review.'
permalink: "/news/230704"
header: no
readmore: true
---
### New Publication

I am pleased to announce that my new paper, titled "Optimal planning of parking infrastructure and fleet size for Shared Autonomous Vehicles" has been published in Transportation Research Part E: Logistics and Transportation Review.

[Read the full article online](https://authors.elsevier.com/sd/article/S1366-5545(23)00201-6)
### Citation
For those who wish to cite this work, here is the BibTeX entry for the article:
```bibtex
@article{choi2023optimalparking,
  title = {Optimal planning of parking infrastructure and fleet size for Shared Autonomous Vehicles},
  journal = {Transportation Research Part E: Logistics and Transportation Review},
  volume = {176},
  pages = {103213},
  year = {2023},
  issn = {1366-5545},
  doi = {https://doi.org/10.1016/j.tre.2023.103213},
  url = {https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1366554523002016},
  author = {Seongjin Choi and Jinwoo Lee},
  keywords = {Parking, Fleet size, Shared Autonomous Vehicles, Optimization, Planning, Relocation},
}
```

### Abstract
Parking is a crucial element of the driving experience in urban transportation systems. Especially in the coming era of Shared Autonomous Vehicles (SAVs), parking operations in urban transportation networks may inevitably change. Parking stations are likely to serve as storage places for unused vehicles and depots that control the level-of-service of SAVs. This study presents an Analytical Parking Planning Model (APPM) for the SAV environment to provide broader insights into parking planning decisions. Two specific planning scenarios are considered for the APPM: (i) Single-zone APPM (S-APPM), which considers the target area as a single homogeneous zone, and (ii) Two-zone APPM (T-APPM), which considers the target area as two different zones, such as city center and suburban area. S-APPM offers a closed-form solution to find the optimal density of parking stations and parking spaces and the optimal number of SAV fleets, which is beneficial for understanding the explicit relationship between planning decisions and the given environments, including demand density and cost factors. In addition, to incorporate different macroscopic characteristics across two zones, T-APPM accounts for inter- and intra-zonal passenger trips and the relocation of vehicles. We conduct a case study to demonstrate the proposed method with the actual data collected in Seoul Metropolitan Area, South Korea. We find that the optimal densities of parking stations and spaces in the target area are much lower than the current situation. Sensitivity analyses with respect to cost factors are performed to provide decision-makers with further insights.

